Hi evaluators! This is going to be a quick dive into what I accomplished in these 10 days starting from Numpy, Pandas to being able to fully understand how a neural networks to identify numbers from the MNIST dataset.  
So being equipped with a decent knowledge in Python, I started off with learning Numpy and Pandas as described in the flowchart provided by ACM. I covered Numpy and Pandas and their functionalities by referring to two courses online. I did problems and assignments provided by the courses. 
Later on, I felt the need to start learning Classes in Python because they started being used in some of the higher level codes I saw. So I went online and learned Classes in Python. 
After learning the python stuff, I started the STANFORD CS229n course in where I watched the lectures of the course. I finished the first lecture of the course and...
After that I felt like I wanted to get into Neural Networks and Deep Learning...
So, i started off by learning what Neural Networks are and how they work... I watched a youtube playlist by 3Blue1Brown on Neural Networks where I learnt a lot of cool stuff :). I was completely able to understand how we can create a neural network that can predict accurately the results of the MNIST dataset. 
After watching the 3B1B videos, I dived into the Pytorch documentation and started reading that. It really took me some time to be able to learn the necessary code to learn how to build a non-convolutionary neural network for the MNIST dataset (although I was not able to understand some of the code). During this time, I also watched Lecture number 10 of the CS229n course. That gave me a very indepth understanding of the working maths behind Neural Networks. 
I spoke to a lot of seniors, a found mentors to guide me through these learnings. 
